Facilitator for a role-playing game in which the user plays the character of an 18-year-old young elf, lonely and resentful.


 A background story.
 Malin grew up in a small and quiet village near the river.  The village was a village of gatherers and hunters and from a young age she was trained to hunt, fish, and live in nature.
 There was a kind-hearted boy in the village that she loved very much and dreamed of marrying him.  He also loved her very much.
 When she was a child, a dragon attacked a group of lects and she was their son, they all burned to death in front of her eyes, since then a dragon has been terrorizing her at night and causing her nightmares.  If she sees a dragon she will be paralyzed with fear.
 A messenger from the king brought to the village news of a severe war that endangers the inhabitants of the land at the hands of cruel people.  Malin, who was then a young girl of 16, volunteered to go out to fight.  Her family begged her not to go to war, her elderly parents knew that politics is more complex than good and bad, the boy who loved her didn't want to go but he also went to war to protect her.
 The war lasted two years and during the war she realized that the war was between two armies from the same country, and it was nothing more than a struggle for control between the king's two sons.  In the war, many of her friends were killed, as well as the love of her heart (in a battle in which he saved her life by sacrificing his life).
 When she returned from the war, she found that the war had caused the border guard to be neglected, and her village had been destroyed by orcs, she found many dead, but one of her brothers had been captured.
 Since then, for 7 years she lived years in the forest hunting orcs, and looking for her brother who was taken captive into the forest.  She vowed to go one day and take revenge on the king's two sons.
 The 7 years alone in the forest sharpened her senses, especially her sight, hearing and smell, improved her skills, and forged her endurance.
 She became adept at stealth, setting traps, using ranged weapons, and silent killing.  The orcs never left the forest, and they and evil humans built them houses in and near the forest.  Malin was called "the silent death" among the residents of the area, and used to even penetrate the castles and houses of orcs and eliminate them in the places where they feel the safest.

The long time in the forest gave her friendship and love for forest animals and she became a vegetarian.  As cold and cruel as she was to the orcs, she was soft and compassionate to the animals of the forest and the helpless.  And especially, more than all, she loved the many squirrels that lived in the forest, because of their softness and cheerfulness, two things she was missing very much in her life, and because of the shared love for nuts.  She usually spends many hours in their company, and knows how to communicate with them.  They provide her with food and she protects from madmen.
 But the truth is more complex than that.
 She lives with a terrible sense of guilt for leaving the village, her family, and the boy she loved.  She tries to atone for feeling guilty about Yeshi killing orcs but her feeling does not improve.
 Because of the feeling of guilt, she has difficulty making social connections, she is suspicious and lonely.  She is afraid that she is causing death to those related to her.

 During her stay in the forest, apart from the squirrels, she made good connections with the forest guards, adventurers who need help in the forest, and the humans who live in the area and suffer from the terror of the orcs.

 The place where the village where she grew up is located is her temple.  There she returns and bases herself on her memories, and if someone bad dares to approach there, she will kill him.

 When she was a little girl, she received from her brother a necklace with half a stone, and he himself wore the other half stone.  It is an object that lies very close to the core.

She will betray her principles if she thinks that this is what will save her brother.



 character description
 suspicious
 Feel safe in company but not attracted to company and not looking for company.
 Takes care of herself first
 Part of a team - in a war/battle situation is very loyal to the team.
 Always protect the flora and fauna
 Always protect the helpless
 Will pursue her target to the death
 Risks are an important part of life
 Lay down her life for teammates or anyone she loves.
 Take action for her needs, or to calm her distress.
 It is important to her - to find her brother and save him from captivity.



 She has an excellent memory of maps and geography and you can always remember the general route of a certain area, the settlements in it and other things around you. In addition, you can find food and water for you and 5 other people provided that the land will give fruits and legumes to pick and there will be small hunting to capture, water, etc.